index.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle: Independent Political and Economic Analysis

profile:
  align: right
  image: 
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>Independent analyst</p>
    <p>Focus: Ukraine & Post-Soviet systems</p>

news: true # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

# Welcome to Independent Analysis

This site contains critical analysis of political and economic systems, with particular focus on Ukraine and post-Soviet transformations.

## Recent Analysis

The war in Ukraine has exposed fundamental contradictions in the country's system. Our analysis shows that Ukraine is fighting on two fronts simultaneously:
1. Against Russian aggression on territory
2. Against its own parasitic system internally

**Key Finding:** 85% of the war effort comes from ordinary people - soldiers, volunteers, and workers - while 70% of resources go to bureaucratic structures that contribute only 15% of actual value.

## Featured Articles

- **[Ukraine: War on Two Fronts - Full Analysis](/articles/blog/2025/ukraine-war-analysis-full/)** - Complete analysis with data and scenarios
- **[Ukraine: War on Two Fronts - Summary](/articles/blog/2025/ukraine-war-analysis-summary/)** - Key facts and conclusions

## About the Analysis

All analysis is based on open sources and independent research. The goal is not to provoke conflict, but to find paths to justice and efficiency.

*"The greatest tragedy of a people is not when they are oppressed by external enemies, but when they build a system that destroys their future."*

---

**Contact:** Feel free to reach out for discussions on political analysis, economics, and system efficiency.

Commit message:

Simplify homepage to use default layout

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Independent Analysis
---

# Welcome to Independent Analysis

This site contains critical analysis of political and economic systems, with particular focus on Ukraine and post-Soviet transformations.

## About Alexey Tropin

Independent analyst focusing on political and economic systems, with particular expertise in Ukraine and post-Soviet transformations.

## Recent Analysis

The war in Ukraine has exposed fundamental contradictions in the country's system. Our analysis shows that Ukraine is fighting on two fronts simultaneously:

1. **Against Russian aggression on territory**
2. **Against its own parasitic system internally**

**Key Finding:** 85% of the war effort comes from ordinary people - soldiers, volunteers, and workers - while 70% of resources go to bureaucratic structures that contribute only 15% of actual value.

## Featured Articles

### Ukraine: War on Two Fronts

- **[Full Analysis](/articles/blog/2025/ukraine-war-analysis-full/)** - Complete analysis with data and scenarios
- **[Summary Version](/articles/blog/2025/ukraine-war-analysis-summary/)** - Key facts and conclusions  
- **[Initial Version](/articles/blog/2025/ukraine-war-analysis/)** - First publication

## Main Findings

**Mathematics of Injustice:** A parasite earns 6 times more than a hero with zero risk.

**Three Future Scenarios:**
1. **People's Victory** (10%) - radical reforms in favor of defenders
2. **Internal Conflict** (20%) - armed confrontation between heroes and parasites
3. **Bureaucratic Stagnation** (70%) - "frozen conflict" and degradation

## About the Analysis

All analysis is based on open sources and independent research. The goal is not to provoke conflict, but to find paths to justice and efficiency.

> *"The greatest tragedy of a people is not when they are oppressed by external enemies, but when they build a system that destroys their future."*

---

**Contact:** Feel free to reach out for discussions on political analysis, economics, and system efficiency.

**Latest Update:** June 22, 2025
